OKTA-673872 - Identity Threat Protection - Policy API and Policies Concept Updates (#4621)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/concepts/policies/index.md

* Change the returned scopes of the access token and add claims to it and to the ID token using [inline hooks](/docs/concepts/inline-hooks/).
* Notify other systems in real-time through an API when a user signs in.
* Use the scopes of a token to look up user information in an external database or API, then add that data to the user's profile object.

> * Monitor your org for identity threats like user risk-level changes and changes in session context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Monitor your org for identity threats like changes in entity risk or session context.
```

Reviewer: Barbara's editorial guidance was for us to change references to `user risk levels` to `entity risk`

* [Profile enrollment policy](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=ext-pe-policies): Collects the attributes required to validate end users when they attempt to access your app. You can use this policy for [self-service registration](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-sdk-use-case-self-reg/android/main/) or for [progressive enrollment](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=ext-pe-policies). With self-service registration flows, end users can register and activate their profiles by clicking a sign-up link in the Sign-In Widget or through a custom embedded authentication solution. With progressive enrollment flows, you can capture the minimum user information required to create a profile and then continually build out those user profiles during subsequent sign-in operations. You can control what information is collected, validate those input values, and [trigger inline hooks](/docs/guides/registration-inline-hook/nodejs/main/).

### Identity Threat Protection policies

<ApiLifecycle access="ie" /> <ApiLifecycle access="ea" />

> Identity Threat Protection with Okta AI is an identity threat solution that combines current security practices with continuous real-time risk assessment. See [Identity Threat Protection with Okta AI](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=ext-itp-overview). Identity Threat Protection uses the Entity Risk policy and Continuous Access Evaluation for these threat evaluations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Identity Threat Protection with Okta AI is an identity threat solution that combines current security practices with continuous real-time risk assessment. See [Identity Threat Protection with Okta AI](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=ext-itp-overview). Identity Threat Protection uses the entity risk policy and Continuous Access Evaluation for these threat evaluations.
```

> * [Entity risk policy](/docs/reference/api/policy/#entity-risk-policy): The entity risk policy monitors your org for user risk-level changes related to identity-based threats. For Admin Console tasks and further information, see [Entity risk policy](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=csh-entity-risk-policy).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Entity risk policy](/docs/reference/api/policy/#entity-risk-policy): The entity risk policy monitors your org for entity risk changes related to identity-based threats. For Admin Console tasks and further information, see [Entity risk policy](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=csh-entity-risk-policy).
```
